Find housing on various Facebook groups
Try and live away from Times Square 
Figure out where local college students are living.
Join Facebook groups for housing for universities in that area
If you are not bringing a car, I would recommend paying a premium to live near BART or Muni / living slightly outside of SF. Even if something seems far (for example, Glen Park (outside of SF) to Montgomery (Downtown SF)) it would still be way closer of a commute because of BART (15 mins) vs living in SF proper near the Marina or something, which is easily a 40 minute commute. 
Accept it! NYC can be very expensive but I truly had the best time working and living in the city, even though I'd prefer a different apartment next time.
Keep to yourself and walk with purpose.
don't stress out - it is super fun
Don't work for this company
Take advantage of the co-op connection events.
Try to get a car, Ubering is super expensive. Also, try to room in areas that are safe such as La Brea.
I started looking for a housing a month or 6 weeks before the start date. You really should visit the apartment and see if it's ok. For the first apartment that I lived for like a month which I had to move out because I didn't like it - I just looked at pictures and a video - that was kind of a lie - there was a urinating dog.. things like that. So make sure to VISIT beforehand.
LA requires a car to get around
Find housing in an area you like as you’ll feel more comfortable moving to a new city when you’ve explored your surroundings. 
Enjoy New York and use the maps on your phone!!
Know someone with a car  
Don't pay a lot of money for rent.
Find accommodation walking distance from BART. Unless, youre ok spending on uber.
Find an apartment close to the subway, specifically express lines.
Try to stay in Manhattan. It's only 6 months and will give a better NY experience.
MUST GO. absolutely loved chicago
Get a car, participate in the NEU sponsored programs to make friends, and attend local events
Live as close to Manhattan as you can afford, visit your apartment in person prior to moving in, try to live with people around your age.
Explore Brooklyn
If one is looking to avoid the high rents in New York , they shouldexplore new jersey especially Neport, hoboken and jersey city areas as they are well connected and the rents are much lower. 
To find their own housing to save money. 
Housing and the metro are both expensive. If possible, live close to work.
Live close by! Having a car is very useful but not completely necessary if you live close enough to public transport or use carpool services.
Explore as much as you can and have an umbrella at all times
Housing is very expensive, Tribe is a somewhat cheap option that is not for everyone but is great if you don't know that many people
Try and find roommates
Take public transportation and don’t pay too much for An apartment because you’ll spend a lot more when you go out, eat, etc.
look for housing in advance
Dont worry about living further from your job. It is okay to commute a bit, SF is generally pretty walkable and there are many many modes of transportation like scooters, and jump bikes.
Search through all your options before securing housing, and ask about roommates and living styles. 
co-living is way cheaper than getting your own apartment (I had 9 roommates in my apartment). co-living is also great if you don't know anyone in the area, because you already have that community to hang out with! it also has more opportunities for temporary housing (no year-long lease minimum, etc.)
Don't stress out too much because there is so much short term housing available! Many sublets don't even appear until the month before. I used the 'Gypsy Housing New York' and 'Gypsy Housing Brooklyn' Facebook groups as well as the Roomi app. Don't be afraid to put yourself out there and try to message as many people as possible about subletting. Be open-minded about potential roommates. I ended up paying approximately the same rent that I pay to live off campus in Boston.
The city is fairly easy to get around if you find the right ways through, but you kind of have to be there to figure it out. Housing can also get really expensive and being there to shop around in person can be very helpful. My company offered a 2-week hotel stay for the purpose, of which I didn't take advantage but I should have.
Do not live in Rosslyn, 
Try to find a housing location that has a simple and/or short commute to your office. Spending all of your time going back and forth on the subway is less than enjoyable.
browse facebook, network, reach out to your future coworkers, and be patient
Make friends with coworkers who have transportation  Take advantage of company shuttles  Visit neighboring cities using CalTrain and BART
